The table above maps each type of channel with their type of contacts address correspondents. Each contact can have different addresses of the same type (for example, multiple numbers of a phone number). The contacts address priority will show which type of channel will send messages for a contact. If you have a lot of different channels of the same type connected to your account, the last channel with an initialized contact will be prioritized. The contacts can be connected to a relationship with a specific channel (they will receive messages just from this channel) under three conditions:

1. You have a lot of different channels of the same type connected to your account.
2. The priority of the address contacts corresponds to a type of channel (for example, phone number) that has multiple channels (for example, different phone numbers). 
3. The contact started the contact through a received message.

**Contacts Variable:** The variables @contact represents contact fields values specifics for each contact presented on the flow.

**@Contact -** The contact complete name if exists, if don't, your number, for example, "Ben Haggerty".

**@Contact.name –** As above, the contact complete name if exists, if don't, your number, for example, "Ben Haggerty".

**@Contact.first_name –** The contacts first name, if it was defined, if don't, the phone number, for example, "Ben".

**@Contact.tel –** The contact phone number in a legible format, for example, "(206) 555 1212".

**@Contact.tel_e164 -** The contact phone number on the E167 format, for example, "+12065551212".

**@Contact.groups -** The groups where the contact was inserted.

**@Contact.uuid -** The exclusive identification universally attributed to each contact.

**@Contact[Contact-field] -** Any contact field that you created for your contacts, for example, "@Contact.age".