Dealing with date requires you to understand *which*, *where* and *how* to `increase` or `decrease` range aimed.
**Which** *Function* to use? **Where** to place the correct syntax? **How** to concatenate *Functions* in order to customize the result?

## Increase or decrease ranges

The *Function* used for this is `datetime_add` and you may select what range to modify using the correct syntax. See some examples:
  
  **Increasing**

  - See you next week, on `@(format_date(datetime_add(now(),7,"D"),"D"))`
  - See you next month, on `@(format_date(datetime_add(now(),1,"M"),"MM/DD"))`
  - See you next year, on `@(format_date(datetime_add(now(),1,"Y"),"YYYY"))`
  - See you in two hours, at `@(format_time(datetime_add(now(),2,"h"),"h:mm aa"))`
  - See you in half an hour, at `@(format_time(datetime_add(now(),30,"m"),"h:mm aa"))`

  **Decreasing**

  - I haven't seen you since last week, on `@(format_date(datetime_add(now(),-7,"D"),"D"))`
  - I haven't seen you since last month, on  `@(format_date(datetime_add(now(),-1,"M"),"MM/DD"))`
  - I haven't seen you since last year, on  `@(format_date(datetime_add(now(),-1,"Y"),"YYYY"))`
  - It has been only two hours since we spoke, on `@(format_time(datetime_add(now(),-2,"h"),"h:mm aa"))`
  - It has been only half an hour since we spoke, on `@(format_time(datetime_add(now(),-30,"m"),"h:mm aa"))`

## Statements

If `format` is not specified then the environment's default format is used. The format string can consist of the following characters. Characters like *space*, `:`, `,`, `T`, `-` and `_` are ignored. Any other character is an error.

  * `YY` - last two digits of year 0-99
  * `YYYY` - four digits of year 0000-9999
  * `M` - month 1-12
  * `MM` - month 01-12
  * `D` - day of month, 1-31
  * `DD` - day of month, zero padded 0-31
  * `h` - hour of the day 1-12
  * `hh` - hour of the day 01-12
  * `tt` - twenty four hour of the day 01-23
  * `m` - minute 0-59
  * `mm` - minute 00-59
  * `s` - second 0-59
  * `ss` - second 00-59
  * `fff` - milliseconds
  * `ffffff` - microseconds
  * `fffffffff` - nanoseconds
  * `aa` - am or pm
  * `AA` - AM or PM
  * `Z` - hour and minute offset from UTC, or Z for UTC
  * `ZZZ` - hour and minute offset from UTC