A campaign event represents an action that will realize a relation with a date and time value stored in a contact field. A campaign event should define which contact field will do the relation, the displacement to the field (how many minutes, hours, days, weeks before and after the contact field value), and the action to be executed (send a message or start a flow).

## Creating a Campaign Event ##

1. Go to the Campaign Event guide, click on the campaign that you would like to add an event.

INSERT A PRINT
 
2. Click on the box “Add Event” on the top right.

3. Select the action that you want to attribute an event.

4. Define the date and time that you want that your event start (it is referred to as the “offset”). The following entries comprehend a displacement:
- How many minutes, hours, days, weeks, before or after to select the contact field.
- The contact field selected.
- The moment when the event will start.

INSERT A PRINT

You can add how many events as necessary.

## Editing Events ##

To edit when a message or flow will be sent, alter the flow, or change the action Send a Message to Start a Flow as a campaign event:

1. Click on the icon “Campaign” on the top right of the page, and click on the campaign that contains the event that you would like to edit.

INSERT PRINT

2. Click on the box “Registration Date” to open the event that you want to edit. Notice that you also can access the group contacts and the flows associated with a event on this page, you just need to click on the hyperlink. 

INSERT A PRINT

3. Click on the box “Edit” on the top right of the page.

4. Using the drop-down menu on the event actualization dialog box that you can change:

Starting a flow to send a message;
The flow is started;
When the flow is started or the message is sent.

INSERT A PRINT

5. Click on “Ok” to save the alterations.
